the powerful play goes on, and you will contribute a verse ~Walt Whitman
A Computer is a state machine. Threads are for people who can't program state machines. ~Alan Cox
A LISP programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing. ~Alan J. Perlis
A bear, however hard he tries, grows tubby without exercise. ~Winnie-the-Pooh
A good marriage would be between a blind wife and a deaf husband. ~Montaigne
A good system can't have a weak command language. ~Alan J. Perlis
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming, is not worth knowing. ~Alan J. Perlis
A man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears. ~Montaigne
A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions ~Marcus Aurelius
A program without a loop and a structured variable isn't worth writing. ~Alan J. Perlis
A programming language is low level when its programs require attention to the irrelevant. ~Alan J. Perlis
A prudent man should always follow in the path trodden by great men and imitate those who are most excellent, so that if he does not attain to their greatness, at any rate he will get some tinge of it. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
A sense of humour is the only divine quality of man ~Arthur Schopenhauer
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God. ~Alan J. Perlis
Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. ~Carl Sagan
Abstraction is one of the greatest visionary tools ever invented by human beings to imagine, decipher, and depict the world. ~Jerry Saltz
Accept everything just the way it is. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Adapting old programs to fit new machines usually means adapting new machines to behave like old ones. ~Alan J. Perlis
All courses of action are risky, so prudence is not in avoiding danger (it's impossible), but calculating risk and acting decisively. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
All cruelty springs from weakness. ~Seneca
All for one and one for all, united we stand divided we fall. ~Alexandre Dumas
All my days I grew up among the sages, and I have found nothing better for a person than silence. ~The Talmud
All of us, at some time or other, need help. Whether we're giving or receiving help, each one of us has something valuable to bring to this world. That's one of the things that connects us as neighbors, in our own way, each one of us is a giver and a receiver. ~Mr Rogers
All the gods, all the heavens, all the hells, are within you. ~Joseph Campbell
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident. ~ARTHUR SCHOPENHAUER
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. ~Martin Golding
Ambition is not a vice of little people. ~Montaigne
An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms. ~Alan J. Perlis
And your very flesh shall be a great poem ~Walt Whitman
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. ~Martin Fowler
Anyone who does anything to help a child in his life is a hero. ~Mr Rodgers
Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to measure progress. Some cathedrals took a century to complete. Can you imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long? ~Alan J. Perlis
As Will Rogers would have said, There is no such thing as a free variable. ~Alan J. Perlis
As human beings, our job in life is to help people realize how rare and valuable each one of us really is, that each of us has something that no one else has or ever will have something inside that is unique to all time. It's our job to encourage each other to discover that uniqueness and to provide ways of developing its expression. ~Mr Rogers
BRAVE. Face difficult situations even when you feel afraid. Do what you think is right despite what others might be doing or saying. ~Boy Scouts
Be curious, not judgmental ~Walt Whitman
Be detached from desire your whole life long. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Be gentle with yourself.  ~Desodertata, Max Ehrmann
Be indifferent to where you live. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself. ~Marcus Aurelius
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. ~Henry David Thoreau
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. ~Oscar Wilde
Because of its vitality, the computing field is always in desperate need of new cliches: Banality soothes our nerves. ~Alan J. Perlis
Behold I do not give lectures or a little charity, When I give I give myself ~Walt Whitman
Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn. ~BENJAMIN FRANKLIN
Besides a mathematical inclination, an exceptionally good mastery of one's native tongue is the most vital asset of a competent programmer. ~Edsger W. Dijkstra
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it. ~Donald E. Knuth
Beware of the Turing tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of interest is easy. ~Alan J. Perlis
Bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon. ~Alan J. Perlis
CHEERFUL. Look for the bright side of life. Cheerfully do tasks that come your way. Try to help others be happy. ~Boy Scouts
CLEAN. Keep your body and mind fit. Help keep your home and community clean. ~Boy Scouts
COURTEOUS. Be polite to everyone and always use good manners. ~Boy Scouts
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish. ~Ovid ROMAN POET
Choose not to be harmed, and you won’t feel harmed. Don’t feel harmed, and you haven’t been. ~Marcus Aurelius
Clouds are not spheres, mountains are not cones, coastlines are not circles, nor does lightning travel in a straight line ~Benoit Mandelbrot
Compassion for animals is intimately associated with goodness of character ~Arthur Schopenhauer
Compassion is the basis of morality ~Arthur Schopenhauer
Computation has made the tree flower. ~Alan J. Perlis
Computer Science is embarrassed by the computer. ~Alan J. Perlis
Computers don't introduce order anywhere as much as they expose opportunities. ~Alan J. Perlis
Constant kindness can accomplish much ~Albert Schweitser
Correctness is clearly the prime quality. If a system does not do what it is supposed to do, then everything else about it matters little. ~Bertrand Meyer
Curb your desire—don’t set your heart on so many things and you will get what you need. ~Epictetus
Dancing is the best revenge ~!!!
Dealing with failure is easy: Work hard to improve. Success is also easy to handle: You've solved the wrong problem. Work hard to improve. ~Alan J. Perlis
Death smiles at us all, but all a man can do is smile back ~Marcus Aurelius
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it. ~Brian W. Kernighan
Detachment is not that you own nothing, but that nothing owns you. ~Unknown
Discovering the truth about ourselves is a lifetime's work, but it's worth the effort. ~Mr Rogers
Do it with passion, or not at all. ~Rosa Nouchette Carey
Do not act following customary beliefs. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Do not collect weapons or practice with weapons beyond what is useful. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Do not fear death. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Do not hold on to possessions you no longer need. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Do not let yourself be guided by the feeling of lust or love. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Do not pursue the taste of good food. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Do not regret what you have done ~Miyamoto Musashi
Do not regret what you have done. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Do not seek pleasure for its own sake. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Do not seek to possess either goods or fiefs for your old age. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Do not, under any circumstances, depend on a partial feeling. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Documentation is like term insurance: It satisfies because almost no one who subscribes to it depends on its benefits. ~Alan J. Perlis
Doing what you want is freedom, liking what you do is happiness ~Unknown
Don't Try, If you are going to try, go all the way ~Charles Bukowski
Don't ever regret being honest. Period. ~Taylor Swift
Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them. ~Alan J. Perlis
Don't it always seem go, you don't know what you got till its gone ~Joni Mitchell
Don’t explain your philosophy. Embody it. ~Epictetus
Don’t seek for everything to happen as you wish it would, but rather wish that everything happens as it actually will—then your life will flow well. ~Epictetus
Don’t worry what others are doing. Do you! ~Russell Simmons
Editing is a rewording activity. ~Alan J. Perlis
Even a fool who keeps silent is considered wise… ~Proverbs 17:28.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail Again. Fail Better. ~Samuel Beckket
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world. ~Arthur Schopenhauer
Every once in a while, a new technology, an old problem, and a big idea turn into an innovation. ~Dean Kamen AMERICAN ENGINEER
Every one of us is, in the cosmic perspective, precious. If a human disagrees with you, let him live. In a hundred billion galaxies, you will not find another. ~Carl Sagan
Every program has (at least) two purposes: the one for which it was written, and another for which it wasn't. ~Alan J. Perlis
Every program is a part of some other program and rarely fits. ~Alan J. Perlis
Everybody wants to go to heaven, nobody wants to die. ~Unknown
Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had to be taught not to. So it is with great programmers. ~Alan J. Perlis
Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
Everything is a miracle. It is a miracle that one does not dissolve in one’s bath like a lump of sugar. ~Pablo Picasso
Everything should be built top-down, except the first time. ~Alan J. Perlis
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth ~Marcus Aurelius
External thinks are not the problem. It’s your assessment of them. Which you can erase right now. ~Marcus Aurelius
Extinction is the rule. Survival is the exception. ~Carl Sagan
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. ~Carl Sagan
FRIENDLY. Be a friend to everyone, even people who are very different from you. ~Boy Scouts
Fear, uncertainty and discomfort are your compasses toward growth. ~Unknown
First learn computer science and all the theory. Next develop a programming style. Then forget all that and just hack. ~George Carrette
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. ~Epictetus
First shalt thou take out the Holy Pin, then shalt thou count to three, no more, no less. ~Saint Attila, Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch
Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it. Geniuses remove it. ~Alan J. Perlis
For a long time it puzzled me how something so expensive, so leading edge, could be so useless. And then it occurred to me that a computer is a stupid machine with the ability to do incredibly smart things, while computer programmers are smart people with the ability to do incredibly stupid things. They are, in short, a perfect match. ~Bill Bryson
For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love. ~Carl Sagan
For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side effect of one's personal dedication to a cause greater than oneself. ~Viktor Frankl
For systems, the analogue of a face-lift is to add to the control graph an edge that creates a cycle, not just an additional node. ~Alan J. Perlis
For whoever believes that great advancement and new benefits make men forget old injuries is mistaken. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
Forgiveness is a strange thing. It can sometimes be easier to forgive our enemies than our friends. It can be hardest of all to forgive people we love. Like all of life's important coping skills, the ability to forgive and the capacity to let go of resentments most likely take root very early in our lives. ~Mr Rogers
Functions delay binding; data structures induce binding. Moral: Structure data late in the programming process. ~Alan J. Perlis
Get beyond love and grief: exist for the good of Man. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Get into a rut early: Do the same process the same way. Accumulate idioms. Standardize. The only difference(!) between Shakespeare and you was the size of his idiom list not the size of his vocabulary. ~Alan J. Perlis
Giving up on assembly language was the apple in our Garden of Eden: Languages whose use squanders machine cycles are sinful. The LISP machine now permits LISP programmers to abandon bra and fig-leaf. ~Alan J. Perlis
Go that way, really fast. If something gets in your way, turn. ~Charles De Mar (Better off Dead)
Good judgement comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgement. ~Will Rodgers
Grappling with fate is like meeting an expert wrestler: to escape, you have to accept the fall when you are thrown. The only thing that counts is whether you get back up. ~Ming-Dao Deng
HELPFUL. Volunteer to help others without expecting a reward. ~Boy Scouts
Hang on to your youthful enthusiasms, you’ll be able to use them better when you’re older. ~Seneca
He who becomes a Prince through the favor of the people should always keep on good terms with them; which it is easy for him to do, since all they ask is not to be oppressed. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
He who establishes his argument by noise and command shows that his reason is weak. ~Montaigne
He who fears death will never do anything worth of a man who is alive. ~Seneca
He who is highly esteemed is not easily conspired against; ~Niccolò Machiavelli
He who would teach men to die would teach them to live. ~Montaigne
Honest conflict has more social value than dishonest harmony ~Joe Rogan
How does it help…to make troubles heavier by bemoaning them? ~Seneca
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself? ~Epictetus
How many times have you noticed that it's the little quiet moments in the midst of life that seem to give the rest extra-special meaning. ~Mr Rogers
How you look at it is pretty much how you’ll see it. ~Rasheed Ogunlaru
I am not a great programmer; I am just a good programmer with great habits. ~Kent Beck
I am silence among all secrets. ~The Bhagavad Gita
I begin to speak only when I’m certain what I’ll say isn’t better left unsaid. ~Cato
I don't always know what the right thing to do is, my Lord, but I think the fact that I want to please you pleases you ~Anonymous monk
I don't think anyone can grow unless he's loved exactly as he is now, appreciated for what he is rather than what he will be. ~Mr Rogers
I exist as I am, that is enough ~Walt Whitman
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough ~Walt Whitman
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education ~Mark Twain
I hope you're proud of yourself for the times you've said yes when all it meant was extra work for you and was seemingly helpful only to someone else. ~Mr Rogers
I judge you unfortunate because you have never lived through misfortune. You have passed through life without an opponent—no one can ever know what you are capable of, not even you. ~Seneca
I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly ~Winston Churchill
I quote others only in order the better to express myself. ~Montaigne
I saw an angel in the block of marble and I just chiseled until I set him free. ~Michelangelo
I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain. ~Dune
I wish to approach truth as closely as is possible, and therefore I abstract everything until I arrive at the fundamental quality of objects. ~Piet Mondrian
I would love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code. ~Anonymous
I'm an egotistical bastard, and I name all my projects after myself. First Linux, now git. ~Linus Torvalds
I'm going down to Yazger's Farm, Gonna join in a rock and roll band, I've got to get back to land and get my soul free ~Joni Mitchell
I'm not interested in preserving the status quo; I want to overthrow it. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up. ~Alan J. Perlis
If a man knows not which port he sails, no wind is favorable. ~Seneca
If a program manipulates a large amount of data, it does so in a small number of ways. ~Alan J. Perlis
If anyone can refute me—show me I’m making a mistake or looking at things from the wrong perspective—I’ll gladly change. It’s the truth I’m after, and the truth never harmed anyone. ~Marcus Aurelius
If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, ‘He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would have not mentioned these alone.' ~Epictetus
If it is not right, do ot do it, if it is not true, do not say it. ~Marcus Aurelius
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite ~William Blake
If two people write exactly the same program, each should be put into microcode and then they certainly won't be the same. ~Alan J. Perlis
If we believe in data structures, we must believe in independent (hence simultaneous) processing. For why else would we collect items within a structure? Why do we tolerate languages that give us the one without the other? ~Alan J. Perlis
If you can imagine a society in which the computer robot is the only menial, you can imagine anything. ~Alan J. Perlis
If you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best. ~marilyn monroe
If you could only sense how important you are to the lives of those you meet; how important you can be to the people you may never even dream of. There is something of yourself that you leave at every meeting with another person. ~Mr Rogers
If you get, give. If you learn, teach. ~Maya Angelou
If you have a procedure with ten parameters, you probably missed some. ~Alan J. Perlis
If you really want to do something you’ll find a way, if you don’t you’ll find an excuse. ~Jim Rohn
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals. ~Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
If your compassion does not include yourfself, it is incomplete ~Buddha
If your computer speaks English, it was probably made in Japan. ~Alan J. Perlis
In English every word can be verbed. Would that it were so in our programming languages. ~Alan J. Perlis
In a 5 year period we get one superb programming language. Only we can't control when the 5 year period will be. ~Alan J. Perlis
In all things have no preferences. ~Miyamoto Musashi
In computing, invariants are ephemeral. ~Alan J. Perlis
In computing, the mean time to failure keeps getting shorter. ~Alan J. Perlis
In computing, turning the obvious into the useful is a living definition of the word frustration. ~Alan J. Perlis
In man-machine symbiosis, it is man who must adjust: The machines can't. ~Alan J. Perlis
In programming, as in everything else, to be in error is to be reborn. ~Alan J. Perlis
In programming, everything we do is a special case of something more general and often we know it too quickly. ~Alan J. Perlis
In seeking the unattainable, simplicity only gets in the way. ~Alan J. Perlis
In silence there is eloquence. Stop weaving and see how the pattern improves. ~Rumi
In software systems, it is often the early bird that makes the worm. ~Alan J. Perlis
In the long run every program becomes rococo then rubble. ~Alan J. Perlis
In times of stress, the best thing we can do for each other is to listen with our ears and our hearts and to be assured that our questions are just as important as our answers. ~Mr Rogers
In your actions, don’t procrastinate. In your conversations, don’t confuse. In your thoughts, don’t wander. In your soul, don’t be passive or aggressive. In your life, don’t be all about business. ~Marcus Aurelius
Incorrect documentation is often worse than no documentation. ~Bertrand Meyer
Interfaces keep things tidy, but don't accelerate growth: Functions do. ~Alan J. Perlis
Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is meant to be discarded: that the whole point is to see it as a soap bubble? ~Alan J. Perlis
It goes against the grain of modern education to teach children to program. What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail and learning to be self-critical? ~Alan J. Perlis
It has often occurred to me that a seeker after truth has to be silent. ~Gandhi
It is better to have 100 functions operate on one data structure than 10 functions on 10 data structures. ~Alan J. Perlis
It is difficult to find happiness within oneself, but it is impossible to find it anywhere else. ~Arthur Schopenhauer
It is difficult to understand the universe if you only study one planet ~Miyamoto Musashi
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa. ~Alan J. Perlis
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one. ~Alan J. Perlis
It is essential that in entering a new province you should have the good will of its inhabitants. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
It is not a language's weakness but its strengths that control the gradient of its change: Alas, a language never escapes its embryonic sac. ~Alan J. Perlis
It is not the computer's fault that Maxwell's equations are not adequate to design the electric motor. ~Alan J. Perlis
It is not titles that honor men, but men that honor titles. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
It is the user who should parameterize procedures, not their creators. ~Alan J. Perlis
It is vain to do with more what can be done with less. (Occam’s Razor) ~William of Occam
It must be considered that there is nothing more difficult to carry out, nor more doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to handle, than to initiate a new order of things. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
It never ceases to amaze me: we all love ourselves more than other people, but care more about their opinion than our own. ~Marcus Aurelius
It's difficult to extract sense from strings, but they're the only communication coin we can count on. ~Alan J. Perlis
It's not the honors and the prizes and the fancy outsides of life that ultimately nourish our souls. It's the knowing that we can be trusted, that we never have to fear the truth, that the bedrock of our very being is firm. ~Mr Rogers
It's not the honors and the prizes and the fancy outsides of life which ultimately nourish our souls. It's the knowing that we can be trusted, that we never have to fear the truth, that the bedrock of our very being is good stuff. ~Mr Rogers
It's really easy to fall into the trap of believing that what we do is more important than what we are. Of course, it's the opposite that's true: What we are ultimately determines what we do. ~Mr Rogers
It’s time you realized that you have something in you more powerful and miraculous than the things that affect you and make you dance like a puppet. ~Marcus Aurelius
JavaScript is an ugly hack of a language, but then again so is English.  Not surprisingly both obtain their power and respect for the same source, reach. ~Jeff Windsor
KIND. Treat others as you want to be treated. Never harm or kill any living thing without good reason. ~Boy Scouts
Keep Quiet ~Papaji
Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you ~Walt Whitman
Know the rules well, so you can break them effectively. ~Dalai Lama XIV
Know your enemy, know his sword. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people. ~Mr Rogers
LISP has been jokingly described as the most intelligent way to misuse a computer. I think that description a great compliment because it transmits the full flavor of liberation: it has assisted a number of our most gifted fellow humans in thinking previously impossible thoughts. ~Edsger W. Dijkstra
LOYAL. Show that you care about your family, friends, Scout leaders, school, and country. ~Boy Scouts
Let us change our traditional attitude to the construction of programs: Instead of imagining that our main task is to instruct a computer what to do, let us concentrate rather on explaining to human beings what we want a computer to do. ~Donald E. Knuth
Life in itself is neither good not evil, it is the place of good and evil, according to what you make it. ~Montaigne
Life is a endless series of problems, the solution to one problem is merely the creation of the next one.  Don't hope for a life of no problems, instead hope for a life full of good problems. ~Disappoinment Panda
Life is never made unbearable by circumstances, but only by lack of menaing and purpose. ~Viktor Frankl
Life is very short and anxious for those who forget the past, neglect the present, and fear the future. ~Seneca
Light tomorrow with today. ~Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Like punning, programming is a play on words. ~Alan J. Perlis
Listen or thy tongue will keep thee deaf. ~Native American saying
Listening is where love begins: listening to ourselves and then to our neighbors. ~Mr Rogers
Little by little we human beings are confronted with situations that give us more and more clues that we are not perfect.. ~Mr Rogers
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. ~Mahatma Gandhi
Love and success, always in that order. It's that simple AND that difficult. ~Mr Rogers
Love is like infinity: You can't have more or less infinity, and you can't compare two things to see if they're 'equally infinite.' Infinity just is, and that's the way I think love is, too. ~Mr Rogers
Love isn't a state of perfect caring. It is an active noun like struggle. To love someone is to strive to accept that person exactly the way he or she is, right here and now. ~Mr Rogers
Love the life you live. Live the life you love. ~Bob Marley
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. ~Seneca
Make no mistake about it: Computers process numbers not symbols. We measure our understanding (and control) by the extent to which we can arithmetize an activity. ~Alan J. Perlis
Making something variable is easy. Controlling duration of constancy is the trick. ~Alan J. Perlis
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. ~Bill Gates
Men intrinsically do not trust new things that they have not experienced themselves. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
Minds are of three kinds: one is capable of thinking for itself; another is able to understand the thinking of others; and a third can neither think for itself nor understand the thinking of others. The first is of the highest excellence, the second is excellent, and the third is worthless. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program. ~Linus Torvalds
Most people find the concept of programming obvious, but the doing impossible. ~Alan J. Perlis
Motto for a research laboratory: What we work on today, others will first think of tomorrow. ~Alan J. Perlis
Mutual caring relationships require kindness and patience, tolerance, optimism, joy in the other's achievements, confidence in oneself, and the ability to give without undue thought of gain. ~Mr Rogers
My humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together. ~Archbishop Desmond Tutu
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes most of which never happened. ~Montaigne
My point today is that, if we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as lines produced but as lines spent: the current conventional wisdom is so foolish as to book that count on the wrong side of the ledger. ~Edsger W. Dijkstra
Never be jealous. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Never let yourself be saddened by a separation. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Never stray from the Way. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Never was anything great achieved without danger. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. ~Aesop
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings ~William Blake
No one dies while napping. ~Kathleen Madigan
No person has the power to have everything they want, but it is in their power not to want what they don’t have, and to cheerfully put to good use what they do have. ~Seneca
Not everything worth doing is worth doing well. ~Tom West
Nothing, to my way of thinking, is a better proof of a well ordered mind than a man’s ability to stop just where he is and pass some time in his own company. ~Seneca
OBEDIENT. Follow the rules of your family, school, and pack. Obey the laws of your community and country. ~Boy Scouts
OOP makes code understandable by encapsulating moving parts.  FP makes code understandable by minimizing moving parts. ~Micheal Feathers
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal. ~Henry Ford
Often it is the means that justify the ends: Goals advance technique and technique survives even when goal structures crumble. ~Alan J. Perlis
Often out of periods of losing come the greatest strivings toward a new winning streak. ~Mr Rogers
Often when you think you're at the end of something, you're at the beginning of something else. ~Mr Rogers
Once you understand how to write a program get someone else to write it. ~Alan J. Perlis
One can only display complex information in the mind. Like seeing, movement or flow or alteration of view is more important than the static picture, no matter how lovely. ~Alan J. Perlis
One can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means. ~Alan J. Perlis
One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it’s worth watching. ~Unknown
One does not learn computing by using a hand calculator, but one can forget arithmetic. ~Alan J. Perlis
One man's constant is another man's variable. ~Alan J. Perlis
One must imagine Sisyphus happy. ~Albert Camus
One should use common words to say uncommon things ~Arthur Schopenhauer
Optimization hinders evolution. ~Alan J. Perlis
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter ~MLK
Our society is much more interested in information than wonder, in noise rather than silence...And I feel that we need a lot more wonder and a lot more silence in our live. ~Mr Rogers
Over the centuries the Indians developed sign language for communicating phenomena of interest. Programmers from different tribes (FORTRAN, LISP, ALGOL, SNOBOL, etc.) could use one that doesn't require them to carry a blackboard on their ponies. ~Alan J. Perlis
Peace comes from thinking. ~N.S.A
People are frugal in guarding their personal property; but as soon as it comes to squandering tim ethey are most wasteful of the one thing in which it is right to be stingy. ~Seneca
People should either be caressed or crushed. If you do them minor damage they will get their revenge; but if you cripple them there is nothing they can do. If you need to injure someone, do it in such a way that you do not have to fear their vengeance. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel ~Maya Angelou
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. ~Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Perhaps if we wrote programs from childhood on, as adults we'd be able to read them. ~Alan J. Perlis
Plant trees under who’s shade you do not plan to sit. ~Unknown
Princes and governments are far more dangerous than other elements within society. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
Programmers are not to be measured by their ingenuity and their logic but by the completeness of their case analysis. ~Alan J. Perlis
Programming is an unnatural act. ~Alan J. Perlis
Prolonged contact with the computer turns mathematicians into clerks and vice versa. ~Alan J. Perlis
Purely applicative languages are poorly applicable. ~Alan J. Perlis
REVERENT. Be reverent toward God. Be faithful in your religious duties. Respect the beliefs of others. ~Boy Scou:ts
Hardly any sets of 10K words can be adequately described with pictures. ~Alan J. Perlis
Re-examine all that you have been told... dismiss that which insults your soul ~Walt Whitman
Real strength has to do with helping others. ~Mr Rogers
Recursion is the root of computation since it trades description for time. ~Alan J. Perlis
Resentment and complaint are appropriate neither for oneself nor others. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Respect Buddha and the gods without counting on their help. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Science is knowledge which we understand so well that we can teach it to a computer; and if we don't fully understand something, it is an art to deal with it. ~Donald E. Knuth
Silence is a source of great strength. ~Lao Tzu
Silence is an empty space, space is the home of the awakened mind. ~Gautama Buddha
Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it. ~Alan J. Perlis
Simplicity is a great virtue but it requires hard work to achieve it and education to appreciate it. And to make matters worse: complexity sells better. ~Edsger W. Dijkstra
Simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.  Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being.  Patient with both friends and enemies, you accord with the way things are.  Compassionate toward yourself, you reconcile all beings in the world. ~Lao Tzu
So many good ideas are never heard from again once they embark in a voyage on the semantic gulf. ~Alan J. Perlis
Software is hard. It’s harder than anything else I’ve ever had to do. ~Donald E. Knuth
Software is under a constant tension. Being symbolic it is arbitrarily perfectible; but also it is arbitrarily changeable. ~Alan J. Perlis
Some days, doing 'the best we can' may still fall short of what we would like to be able to do, but life isn't perfect on any front-and doing what we can with what we have is the most we should expect of ourselves or anyone else. ~Mr Rogers
Some people are so poor, all they have is money ~Unknown Graffiti Artist
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think ‘I know, I’ll use regular expressions.’ Now they have two problems. ~Jamie Zawinski
Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand progress. ~Alan J. Perlis
Sometimes I think the only universal in the computing field is the fetch-execute cycle. ~Alan J. Perlis
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known. ~Carl Sagan
Step from the cave. ~Unknown
Structured Programming supports the law of the excluded middle. ~Alan J. Perlis
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm ~Winston Churchill
Symmetry is a complexity-reducing concept (co-routines include subroutines); seek it everywhere. ~Alan J. Perlis
Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon. ~Alan J. Perlis
Systems have sub-systems and sub-systems have sub systems and so on ad infinitum which is why we're always starting over. ~Alan J. Perlis
THRIFTY. Work to pay your own way. Try not to be wasteful. Use time, food, supplies, and natural resources wisely. ~Boy Scouts
TRUSTWORTHY. Tell the truth and keep promises. People can depend on you. ~Boy Scouts
Take kindly the counsel of the years, gracefully surrendering the things of youth.  ~Desodertata, Max Ehrmann
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see. ~Arthur Schopenhauer
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. ~Linus Torvalds
Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love. ~Brené Brown
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. ~Benjamin Franklin
Testing shows the presence, not the absence of bugs. ~Edsger W. Dijkstra
That which does not kill us makes us stronger. ~Friedrich Nietzsche
That’s why the philosophers warn us not to be satisfied with mere learning, but to add practice and then training. For as time passes we forget what we learned and end up doing the opposite, and hold opinions the opposite of what we should. ~Epictetus
The Earth is a fine place and worth fighting for. ~Ernest Hemingway
The beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms. ~SOCRATES
The best book on programming for the layman is Alice in Wonderland; but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman. ~Alan J. Perlis
The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability. ~Randall E. Stross
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy. ~Marcus Aurelius
The chief task in life is simply this: to identify and separate matters so that I can say clearly to myself which are externals not under my control, and which have to do with the choices I actually control. Where then do I look for good and evil? Not to uncontrollable externals, but within myself to the choices that are my own… ~Epictetus
The competent programmer is fully aware of the strictly limited size of his own skull; therefore he approaches the programming task in full humility, and among other things he avoids clever tricks like the plague. ~Edsger W. Dijkstra
The computer is the ultimate polluter: its feces are indistinguishable from the food it produces. ~Alan J. Perlis
The computer reminds one of Lon Chaney it is the machine of a thousand faces. ~Alan J. Perlis
The connections we make in the course of a life, maybe that's what heaven is. ~Mr Rogers
The cybernetic exchange between man, computer and algorithm is like a game of musical chairs: The frantic search for balance always leaves one of the three standing ill at ease. ~Alan J. Perlis
The debate rages on: is PL/I Bachtrian or Dromedary? ~Alan J. Perlis
The eleventh commandment was Thou Shalt Compute or Thou Shalt Not Compute ~I forget which. ~Alan J. Perlis
The first method for estimating the intelligence of a ruler is to look at the men he has around him. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool. ~Richard P. Feynman
The goal of computation is the emulation of our synthetic abilities, not the understanding of our analytic ones. ~Alan J. Perlis
The greatest gift you ever give is your honest self. ~Mr Rogers
The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself. ~Montaigne
The kingdom of God is for the broken hearte. ~Mr Rogers
The lion cannot protect himself from traps, and the fox cannot defend himself from wolves. One must therefore be a fox to recognize traps, and a lion to frighten wolves. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
The man who grasps principles can successfully select his own methods. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
The media shows the tiniest percentage of what people do. There are millions and millions of people doing wonderful things all over the world, and they're generally not the ones being touted in the news. ~Mr Rogers
The more technique you have, the less you have to worry about it. ~Pablo Picasso
The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go. ~Dr. Seuss
The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness. ~Montaigne
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. ~Amelia Earhart
The most important computer is the one that rages in our skulls and ever seeks that satisfactory external emulator. The standardization of real computers would be a disaster, and so it probably won't happen. ~Alan J. Perlis
The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane ~Marcus Aurelius
The only constructive theory connecting neuroscience and psychology will arise from the study of software. ~Alan J. Perlis
The only normal people are the ones you don't know very well ~Anais
The only thing evil can't stand is forgiveness. ~Mr Rogers
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails. ~William Arthur Ward
The proof of a system's value is its existence. ~Alan J. Perlis
The purpose of abstraction is not to be vague, but to create a new semantic level in which one can be absolutely precise ~Edsger W. Dijkstra
The real problem is that programmers have spent far too much time worrying about efficiency in the wrong places and at the wrong times; premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of it) in programming. ~Donald E. Knuth
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts ~Marcus Aurelius
The string is a stark data structure and everywhere it is passed there is much duplication of process. It is a perfect vehicle for hiding information. ~Alan J. Perlis
The thing I fear most is fear. ~Montaigne
The thing I remember best about successful people I've met all through the years is their obvious delight in what they're doing and it seems to have very little to do with worldly success. They just love what they're doing, and they love it in front of others. ~Mr Rogers
The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. ~Seymour Cray
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is ~Winston Churchill
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why ~Mark Twain
The ultimate aim of martial arts is not having to use them ~Miyamoto Musashi
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it ~Marcus Aurelius
The use of a program to prove the 4-color theorem will not change mathematics it merely demonstrates that the theorem, a challenge for a century, is probably not important to mathematics. ~Alan J. Perlis
The world needs a sense of worth, and it will achieve it only by its people feeling that they are worthwhile. ~Mr Rogers
There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things. ~Phil Karlton
There are only two kinds of languages: the ones people complain about and the ones nobody uses ~Bjarne Stroustrup
There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind. ~Mr Rogers
There are times when explanations, no matter how reasonable, just don't seem to help. ~Mr Rogers
There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. And the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. ~C.A.R. Hoare
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works. ~Alan J. Perlis
There is no normal life that is free of pain. It's the very wrestling with our problems that can be the impetus for our growth. ~Mr Rogers
There is no other way to guard yourself against flattery than by making men understand that telling you the truth will not offend you. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
There is no such thing as a perfect parent so just be a real one. ~Sue Atkins
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all. ~Peter Drucker
There will always be things we wish to say in our programs that in all known languages can only be said poorly. ~Alan J. Perlis
There's a part of all of us that longs to know that even what's weakest about us is still redeemable and can ultimately count for something good. ~Mr Rogers
There's a world of difference between insisting on someone's doing something and establishing an atmosphere in which that person can grow into wanting to do it. ~Mr Rogers
Therefore the best fortress is to be found in the love of the people, for although you may have fortresses they will not save you if you are hated by the people. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
They paved paradise, put up a parking lot ~Joni Mitchell
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for. ~Tom Bodett
Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world. ~Miyamoto Musashi
Think of all the psychic energy expended in seeking a fundamental distinction between algorithm and program. ~Alan J. Perlis
Think of it! With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACS in 1 sq. cm. ~Alan J. Perlis
Think of the life you have lived until now as over and, as a dead man, see what’s left as a bonus and live it according to Nature. Love the hand that fate deals you and play it as your own, for what could be more fitting? ~Marcus Aurelius
This is our big mistake: to think we look forward to death. Most of death is already gone. Whatever time has passed is owned by death. ~Seneca
Though the Chinese should adore APL, it's FORTRAN they put their money on. ~Alan J. Perlis
To see the world in a grain of sand, and to see heaven in a wild flower, hold infinity in the palm of your hands, and eternity in an hour ~William Blake
To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program. ~Alan J. Perlis
Today is victory over yourself of yesterday ~Miyamoto Musashi
Treat life like an experiment. No experiment is ever a failure  ~Jeff Windsor
Try your best to make goodness attractive. That's one of the toughest assignments you'll ever be given. ~Mr Rogers
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So, throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover. ~Mark Twain
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. ~Albert Einstein
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking ~Marcus Aurelius
Warren Buffet has money problems, the hobo at quicky mart has money problems.  Warren Buffet just has better money problems. ~Disappoinment Panda
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one ~Marcus Aurelius
Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be One. ~Marcus Aurelius
We all came in on different ships, but we're all in the same boat now. ~MLK
We all have different gifts, so we all have different ways of saying to the world who we are. ~Mr Rogers
We are like butterflies that flutter for a day and think it is forever. ~Carl Sagan
We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more in imagination than in reality. ~Seneca
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience, we are spiritual beings having a human experience ~Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last theorem. ~Alan J. Perlis
We are stardust, golden and we've got to get ourselves back to the garden ~Joni Mitchell
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone ~Ronald Reagan
We get so wrapped up in numbers in our society. The most important thing is that we are able to be one-to-one, you and I with each other at the moment. If we can be present to the moment with the person that we happen to be with, that's what's important. ~Mr Rogers
We have become not a melting pot but a beautiful mosaic. Different people, different beliefs, different yearnings, different hopes, different dreams. ~Jimmy Carter
We have the mini and the micro computer. In what semantic niche would the pico computer fall? ~Alan J. Perlis
We kid ourselves if we think that the ratio of procedure to data in an active data-base system can be made arbitrarily small or even kept small. ~Alan J. Perlis
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope. ~MLK
We speak with more than our mouths. We listen with more than our ears. ~Mr Rogers
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality ~Lucius Annaeus Seneca
We will never run out of things to program as long as there is a single program around. ~Alan J. Perlis
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants. ~Epictetus
What gets measured gets managed. ~Peter Drucker
What is important is seldom urgent and what is urgent is seldom important. ~Eisenhower
What is the difference between a Turing machine and the modern computer? It's the same as that between Hillary's ascent of Everest and the establishment of a Hilton hotel on its peak. ~Alan J. Perlis
What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him. ~Viktor Frankl
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. ~Henry David Thoreau
Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it. Always work with it, not against it. ~Eckhart Tolle
Whatever we choose to imagine can be as private as we want it to be. Nobody knows what you're thinking or feeling unless you share it. ~Mr Rogers
When I look inside and see that I am nothing, that is wisdom. When I look outside and see that I am everything, that is love. And between these two, my life flows. ~Nisargadatta Maharaj
When I was a child my mother said to me, ‘If you become a soldier, you’ll be a general. If you become a monk, you’ll be the pope.’ Instead I became a painter and wound up as Picasso. ~Pablo Picasso
When a professor insists computer science is X but not Y, have compassion for his graduate students. ~Alan J. Perlis
When in doubt, choose change. ~Lily Leung
When it comes to health and well-being, regular exercise is about as close to a magic potion as you can get. ~Thich Nhat Hanh 
When nothing is going right, go left ~Unknown
When someone says I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done, give him a lollipop. ~Alan J. Perlis
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. ~Viktor Frankl
When we understand knowledge-based systems, it will be as before except our fingertips will have been singed. ~Alan J. Perlis
When we write programs that learn, it turns out that we do and they don't. ~Alan J. Perlis
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love ~Marcus Aurelius
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. ~Franklin D. Roosevelt
Whenever two programmers meet to criticize their programs, both are silent. ~Alan J. Perlis
Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
Wherever there is modularity there is the potential for misunderstanding: Hiding information implies a need to check communication. ~Alan J. Perlis
Who you are inside is what helps you make and do everything in life. ~Mr Rogers
Why did the Roman Empire collapse? What is Latin for office automation? ~Alan J. Perlis
Within a computer natural language is unnatural. ~Alan J. Perlis
Without an opportunity, their abilities would have been wasted, and without their abilities, the opportunity would have arisen in vain. ~Niccolò Machiavelli
You are a child of the universe no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here.  ~Desodertata, Max Ehrmann
You are never too old, never too bad, never too late, and never too sick to start from scratch again. ~Bikram Choudhury
You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing vitality of FORTRAN. ~Alan J. Perlis
You can think about things and make believe. All you have to do is think and they'll grow. ~Mr Rogers
You can't communicate complexity, only an awareness of it. ~Alan J. Perlis
You can't really love someone else unless you really love yourself first. ~Mr Rogers
You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families. ~Jim McCarthy
You could leave life right now. Let that determine what you do and say and think. ~Marcus Aurelius
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. ~Dr. Seuss
You have power over your mind not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength ~Marcus Aurelius
You may abandon your own body but you must preserve your honor. ~Miyamoto Musashi
You must understand that there is more than one path to the top of the mountain ~Miyamoto Musashi
You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough ~William Blake
You rarely have time for everything you want in this life, so you need to make choices. And hopefully your choices can come from a deep sense of who you are. ~Mr Rogers
You think you know when you can learn, are more sure when you can write, even more when you can teach, but certain when you can program. ~Alan J. Perlis
You will meet two kinds of people in life: ones who build you up and ones who tear you down. But in the end, you’ll thank them both. ~Unknown
You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth. ~William W. Purkey
You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. ~A.A. Milne
a fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool ~william shakespeare
be careless in your dress if you must, but keep a tidy soul ~mark twain
certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart. ~ancient indian proverb
discipline is doing what you hate to do, but nonetheless doing it like you love it. ~mike tyson
do what you can, where you are, with what you have. ~teddy roosevelt
education costs money.  but then so does ignorance. ~sir claus moser
everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. ~confucius
give me six hours to chop down a tree and i will spend the first four sharpening the axe ~abraham lincoln
if you don't know where you are going, you'll end up someplace else ~yogi berra
if you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything ~mark twain
if you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! just get on. ~sheryl sandberg
in theory there is no difference between theory and practice. in practice there is ~yogi berra
it ain't over till it's over ~yogi berra
it does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. ~confucius
it's tough to make predictions, especially about the future ~yogi berra
kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see ~mark twain
life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. ~grandma moses
love is the most important thing in the world, but baseball is pretty good, too ~yogi berra
our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. ~MLK
patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it ~mark twain
remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. ~dalai lama
when you come to a fork in the road, take it ~yogi berra
you can observe a lot by just watching ~yogi berra
γνωθι σεαυτόν [Know Thyself] ~Inscription at Temple of Apollo at Adelphi
